#summary Frequently Asked Questions
#labels Featured

= FAQ =
----

*I'm not able to uninstall pRSSreader 1.3.x. What can I do about it?*

See ManualUninstallation13.

*My ISP requires special User-Agent string for the Internet access. How can I change it?*

  * Tap *Tools | Options*, select *Retrieval tab*, change *User-Agent* string to *Pocket IE*.
  * If the above did not work for you, try to:
    # run registry editor,
    # open {{{HKCU\Software\DaProfik\pRSSreader}}} key,
    # change *User Agent* value to whatever you want.
              
*I need to send special HTTP headers with every HTTP request. How can I do it?*

  # run registry editor,
  # open {{{HKCU\Software\DaProfik\pRSSreader}}} key,
  # create *Additional HTTP Headers* value typed as *Multiline String Value*,
  # Insert your special HTTP headers here.
       
       
*I want to run pRSSreader from my script. Are there any command line parameters?*

Yes, see [CommandLineParameters Comand line parameters].


*I'm accessing the Internet via HTTP proxy and downloading of feeds via HTTPS is not working. Where is the problem?*

Accessing HTTPS sites via HTTP proxy is not possible at all due to man-in-the-middle attacks. It is not the problem of pRSSreader. It is given by HTTP specification.

Note: Accessing HTTPS via SOCKS proxy server is possible.

       
*Where is Skweezer option for HTML optimization?*

See FAQ: How to use Skweezer with pRSSreader.

       
*How to use Skweezer with pRSSreader?*

  # Enter *Tools | Options*.
  # Activate the *Retrieval* tab.
  # Check *Use HTML Optimizer*.
  # Enter {{{http://www.skweezer.net/skweeze.aspx?q=[%URL%]&i=1}}} (if you do not want images to be cached, omit '&i=1').
       

*How to use Google HTML optimizer?*

  # Enter *Tools | Options*.
  # Activate the *Retrieval* tab.
  # Check *Use HTML Optimizer*.
  # Enter {{{http://www.google.com/gwt/n?u=[%URL%]}}} (if you do not want images append {{{&_gwt_noimg=1}}}


*Cached pages are displayed in incorrect encoding. What should I do?*

Every page that is cached by pRSSreader is converted to UTF-8 encoding. The reason is to prevent annoying switching of code pages.

On Wm2003 in PIE, go *Tools | Options*, *General* page, set *Default character set*
to *Unicode (UTF-8)*, tap Ok and do not forget to *reload* the page.

TODO: The same for WM6


TODO: localization info